Mv articles from AGH wiki (#438)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseDNS: README.md

Then you should open Terminal on your computer and navigate to the directory where you cloned this repo and run this command to install the local dependencies:

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ~~The admonitions in Docusaurus has another format.  Take a look at other documents.~~

Shame on me.  This doc is for developers on GitHub.

> > For `pnpm` version 11 and above you might need to use `pnpm approve-builds`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For version 11 and above of `pnpm`, you may need to use `pnpm approve-builds`.
```
